The only certainty is Wolves hate us more than anyone
I spent 43 hours on my phone last week - I can't join Twitter too
The surprising truth about Brexit Britain – we're a country full of moderates
Karl Lagerfeld sent me 50 roses - I don’t think he’d ever met a large Brummie
Scheming politicians are captivating, but politics is about more than a soap opera
When should you give up? What Theresa May and David Bowie have taught me
Why shouldn't Birmingham have an illustrious art history? All hail the city's surrealists!
On the eve of my 52nd birthday, I’m targeted by a site for attractive, 52-year-old singles. Coincidence?
We need a return to curiosity – right now, people just want to tell you how wrong you are
It’s not just Montenegro – there’s still racism in English football
Prince Charles’s beach body has been admired. But does he share my ageing secret?
James Corden is right: chubby bodies like mine should not be confined to radio
In the wastelands of Birmingham and Manchester, buddleia is a symbol of our national neglect
It's sobering and shaming that teenagers know more than their parents about history
There’s a simple way to curb the trolls – end their anonymity
The radiotherapy department can be hell, but it’s also a place you feel lucky
I should be proud to feature in a set of hunky Top Trumps – but my scores are terrible
At Easter I had a fall. The wild garlic smelled lovely, but I didn’t want to die there
Hilary Mantel is wrong about Shakespeare – young people love it
What should you do if a drunk passes out in front of you?
Welcome to parenthood, Meghan and Harry – you’ll never get a good night’s sleep again
Porn isn’t a great way to learn about sex – but where else do young people work out how to do it?
As an owner of multiple ovens, I know the perils of letting photographers into one’s kitchen
My mum is a zero-waste icon – she made us drink squash from old yoghurt pots
Telling meat-eaters bacon is off the menu won’t work – here’s a better way
Tory leadership rivals are literally running for office – and I know who’s in front
The local Sainsbury’s is run by robots – please, God, can someone with a pulse help me?
I’ve been honest about alcohol. But the drinks industry hasn’t
Between homelessness and the FT’s How to Spend It, our culture has completely lost its way
In Croatia, no one can believe I’m famous – and it hurts
My daughter’s GCSEs are over – and so is my role as a semi-competent child-rearer
A short working week is good for your mental health – but it made me miserable
Everyone has their own vision of hell and mine is Glastonbury
I took drugs recently and colours danced on the insides of my eyelids
I avoided a private education. Not everyone I know has been so lucky
Want to know what stress is like? Ask my friend from the local authority
We should be putting up statues to the heroes of the NHS. If I could, I’d carve them myself
Real fans should have been at the Cricket World Cup final – not fair-weather freeloaders
I was sniffy about cruise ships – but then I met Maureen and Chris
Looking at naturists can be life threatening – as I found out to my cost
Get LIT: how Love Island Time replaced GMT
I was surprised to read about my marriage to Maria Walsh – I’ve never met her
Most people drink in moderation – here’s what we heavy drinkers can learn from them
I thought motorcyclists were noisy and angry – until I had a midlife crisis and became one
How do I know I'm getting old? People have started offering me a seat on the tube
I hate haggling, but everyone's at it. Why can't people charge an honest price?
Ray Mears, a suspected burglar – life must be very dispiriting for my doppelgangers
Don’t despair if GCSE results day doesn’t go your way – life is only just beginning
What happened when I got in touch with three of my old teachers
There’s nothing cool about regional pride. That’s why I love Birmingham
I have been begged to do Strictly Come Dancing. Here’s why I turned it down
What do you call sitting on a rainswept British beach? Because it's not a holiday
Believe me, there is no global crisis in trust.
What a boster! Why I’m thrilled to see the Black Country on the big screen
Do wormeries ever work - or are they fated to a biblical foulness?
Tomatoes are good for sperm count – if only I had known that years ago
I adore dogs, so why does their unconditional love make me nervous?
Non meat-eaters rejoice – vegan sausage rolls are taking over the world
My top tip for middle-aged longsightedness? Buy a head torch
If enough people stayed in their hometowns we could build a better Britain
Why I long for a Croatian passport
What could finally stir me to communism? Watching Made in Chelsea with my daughter
The most frightening thing about Halloween? My harrowingly posh neighbours
Unconditional love is all very well for your pet – but not your political party
My plan to put business-class passengers in their place
Sleep apnoea means I feel tired all the time. Is this terrifying mask the only answer?
Virtual coffee stamps are testing my loyalty
Hold the baked beans: at last, I’m getting the hang of food bank donations
Want your work experience to become a paid job? Here's my secret
I'm now the oldest person at the rock concert – should I be worried?
Why are British people such nervous linguists? Shame
What is an app? I honestly have no idea
Emma Thompson plays a Croatian mother in Last Christmas. Would my own Croatian mother approve?
I love being a vegetarian, but there is a hole in my life where a pork pie once was
My atheist family was appalled when I converted to Catholicism – but it’s given me great peace
Dear Justin Trudeau, a beard will only make it look like something has gone wrong in your life
I began loving Twitter – once I muted the tedious narcissism
Croatia has enchanting words for genitalia. Why doesn't the UK?
How can we all fly less? By embracing Skype and FaceTime like our kids
Are today’s teenagers annoying, pouting selfie-sharers – or expert wordsmiths?
Should I stop using football chat to bond with strangers?
After my first ever manicure, I feel like a new man
Learning Welsh isn’t pointless. You see the world from a whole new angle
Why this landlubber feels the call of the sea
The ‘Greenies’ aren’t to blame for Australia’s bushfires. But lies are often more powerful than the truth
Ignore the neighsayers: equine therapy is a revelation
My day of two halves – from Bristol City to Balliol College
Coffee alone won't transform a former pit town – but it can inspire people
A world without handshakes is a vision of real intimacy
Why do mums stop liking the smell of their teenage sons? It could be all the Brut
I’ve always been hot on hand hygiene – I even dried them in the oven
Could sitting in a salt cave cure my nasal congestion?
When I am working at home, no distraction is too small
I was born anxious, so why am I not panicking about coronavirus?
Why a pilgrimage was good practice for lockdown
Who stockpiled all the yeast? Don't worry, bread-lovers, I have a solution
Most teenagers seem to accept staying at home – I don't think my younger self would have
I have finally mastered the dark art of sourdough baking. Here's how to do it
How do I know the world has changed? My daughter is suddenly worried about me
Music is a shortcut to joy. Here's my specific method for expanding your horizons
I panic-bought a dartboard – turns out I am a shockingly mediocre player
Are you a shambolic first-time runner? I was too – until a coach gave me some tips
I miss unnecessary travel and the beauty of new places
How do I know the world has turned upside down? My football ground is now a maternity clinic
Trees are bringing me joy in lockdown – and here’s how I’m learning to identify them
What will I do when travel restrictions lift? Complete my odyssey to all 270 London tube stations
The biggest status symbol of our Zoom era? Bookshelves
This week I discovered the two questions that can unlock a snapshot of someone's life
I'm pruning and planting, but one gardening mystery remains. How do snails get up to the fourth floor?
The perfect vegan sausages from a dry mix: what other meat-free joys of the 70s did I miss?
I am trying to drink less but know a simple pleasure when I see one
Physical distancing makes life harder for blind people – just ask my friend Dave
I have made a thing of great beauty. And all it took was wire wool and elbow grease
As a gangster once told me, we need more youth clubs
I don't want to have a barbecue. Not even a lockdown one
Hooray, football is starting again! But hang on, I'm dreading it ...
You’re never too old to climb a tree – and I should know
I've decided what to do with the rest of my life: grow a lemon tree
I know I’ve been lucky, but lockdown has made my life much simpler
What a brief moment of being outnumbered taught me about race relations
Wise words? The advice that I can't forget
I'm glad to be back in church – even if there's hand sanitiser instead of holy water
I've started listening to my friends' music recommendations – shame no one's asked for mine
The secret of my hard-won mindfulness? A bargain bag of beauty
Something else to worry about again: massages are back
My obsession with West Brom has gone too far
My idea of happiness? A strimmer and a bramble-choked path
My first drive in an electric car was going swimmingly – until the warning light flashed
Tourists aren't so bad – just ask Roberto the Dubrovnik guide
My lockdown baking obsession got out of control – luckily I've discovered the perfect bread-free sandwich
I've seen an oligarch's superyacht – and now I'm channelling Bernie Sanders
Have you seen Tatler’s new rules of poshness? I don't know whether to laugh or cry
How will schoolkids cope with face masks? As an adolescent boy, I would have welcomed one
I used to hate it when businesses got too chummy. Then I met Alan the delivery driver
Is there anything more shaming than shelves full of books you will never read?
'Oh blimey!’ How a Syrian refugee fell for a dodgy 70s sitcom
Computers I can live with, but printers I hate from the bottom of my heart
TV ads that you can’t fast-forward through? It’s like the dark ages
If dishwasher-loading was a sport, my dad would be world champion
My treatment for ADD changed my life, so why can’t I stop worrying about it?
I got irritated by my dad’s cluelessness with gadgets – but maybe it is the technology that’s to blame
What's better than reading a perfect bit of writing? Forgetting it, being reminded of it, and loving it all over again
I've been forced to become a hoarder – by an acute case of landfill panic
Well done on your sober October, but you’ll need a plan to remember for November
I put my own makeup on for the first time - and saw my face in a whole new light
In a data-obsessed world, the power of observation must not be forgotten
Trump's temper tantrum shows why we must stop praising those who don't accept defeat
What’s worse than not covering your face? Only covering half of it
I've joined a Covid vaccine trial - and it's making me surprisingly competitive
Video games are good for your mental health? Not if you play like me
Britain still makes things? Who knew?
When it comes to politics, teenagers can teach the experts a thing or two
Football without headers is unthinkable – or is it?
I am the world’s nicest driver – but in an SUV I am treated like a pariah
I've cut down my drinking dramatically. So why do people think I tried to stop – and failed?
My dad never lost his temper – except for one Christmas in the 70s …
First it was sourdough, now it's a puppy – I am a lockdown cliche
Searching for solace in lockdown? I found it in a chore I used to hate
What have we learned from Trump's reign? There are worse things than being boring
Never mind machines getting cleverer – is technology making me stupider?
There are two new Covid-fighting drugs I haven't heard much about - is it because they are unpronounceable?
Forget winning streaks, it's the bad times that really fuse us together in football – and in life
Ranch dressing improves everything. So I tried to improve ranch dressing
What makes for a perfect pub? It depends on your age and appetite
Lockdown has slowed me down. So why can't I spare two minutes to clean my teeth?
What speed reading has taught me about taking my time
When you're down, midwinter is bleak – but draw comfort from knowing your summer will come
It doesn’t matter how clever you are – talk for more than a minute and you’ve lost me
With the kids locked down and not on the town, I’ve never slept so soundly
Seven weeks in, what have I learned from my new life as a dog person?
From bands to podcasts, the cultural offerings online are endless. How can we find the good stuff?
Shopping is a whole new world now I have to wear a mask
What have I learned about being interviewed? Don’t spout forth – and beware the boredom ploy
‘Is Hamlet about a small village?’ asked Grandad. At least this generation can Google it
Birthdays are vastly improved by being in lockdown – my second is coming up
The 8:8:8 rule could give us the perfect work-life balance. So why aren't more of us following it?
Where have I found peace in the pandemic? Taking part in a Covid vaccine trial
Isn't it irenic? It's time to bring back beautiful words we have lost
Some teachers live long in the memory. Take the times Mr Macey stunned us into silence
There are meant to be three phases of TV celebrity. But I’ve discovered a fourth
Fair-weather football fans appal me. But sooner or later they will get their Super League
Gadgets should make life easier. So why can’t I turn on this no-touch tap?
Looking for a plastic-free way to discard dog poo? I have the answer
Sometimes waiting is better than bingeing. Ask the millions who watched Line of Duty
We’re all hoping for a holiday. But will we enjoy it?
I’m in awe of people who work with their hands – it’s a crying shame those jobs don’t pay more
Covid-era funeral restrictions are heartbreaking. But small gatherings have their own value
Why we need an inspiring team talk to get us through the pandemic
Bob Dylan is turning 80. Happy birthday to the man who taught me about gratitude – and shame
The dog has a cough – and I’m £80 poorer
An ear and nostril waxing is exquisitely painful – but just what I needed
Need a bit of a lift? Get down to your local and watch old friends being reunited
It’s not just Naomi Osaka – no one really likes post-match interviews
 How do I know middle age is at an end? I fell over in the bath
What Euro 96 can teach us about life: make life easy for those around you and grind through the tricky bits
One of the joys of Euro 2020? Watching casual football fans suffer
My number one fear in life? Being boring
I was desperate to watch England v Germany. But my daughter had other ideas
We need to get rid of business jargon. Do I have your buy-in?
Good luck, Gareth Southgate – one goal could completely change what people say about you
Why do I hate nightclubs? They are for beautiful people and good dancers only
Have you cried with despair in public? There is nothing braver or better
 I am a messy eater – and it is mortifying
Life lessons I’ve learned from boxers? Control your aggression and forgive your foes
What has life taught me about exams? It’s hard work, not grades, that really matter
The secret of happiness? Be more like Ted Lasso
Hot summer nights: ‘My brother brought friends to marvel at the awful state of my body’
Shopping for pants in Warsaw … and other talking points from my unlikely ratings success
In search of a marvellous meat-free treat? I have found the perfect fungus
My towering agave plant is in full bloom – but it’s a bittersweet bonanza
Must Emma Raducanu become a brand? Let’s just enjoy her genius
Proper sobbing and perspective – what I learned when my younger daughter left home
‘Large or extra-large?’: my perilous first condom purchase
We’re told not to bottle up bad experiences - but a stiff upper lip can be for the best
Ask not what the NHS can do for us … but what we can do for the NHS
In the pandemic £27bn worth of fraud was committed – why aren’t we angrier?
A stranger on a train – and a small, stunning act of kindness
We need to stop buying stuff – and I know just the people to persuade us
All you can eat? I take those words as a promise – and a challenge
I want to be a wise, careful consumer – but useless online reviews have me stumped
All we can do is remember our war dead – because we can never hope to understand what they went through
I have become what I hate – the driver who pushes into a lane at the last minute
Scientists say the perfect hug should last more than five seconds – but there is one problem
Like the prime minister, I have had a public brain freeze. The fear never leaves you
Ironing has a rival for my affections – the matchless, marvellous joy of log-stacking
Get lost? Chance would be a fine thing
Get Back isn’t just about the Beatles. Here’s what it taught me about life today
Adrian Chiles’s Christmas Strictly diary: ‘Unused to my tight outfit, I didn’t get low enough for the lift ...’
Lockdown taught me that time is precious – so why am I running out of it again?
I believe in local democracy – I just don’t understand it
What’s the best way to remember loved ones – photos? videos? Or talking teddy bears?
Do university applications favour middle-class kids? Yes – because their parents write them
Why are some people so comfortable being casually racist in front of me? Is it just because I’m white?
Let’s not say ‘pip pip’ to our most poetic expressions!
I’ve often wondered what football fans are on – then I asked a policeman
Do not go gentle into that hot tub! A luxury spa is the wrong way to remember Dylan Thomas
I thought I could watch the Brits without making snarky dad jokes. I was wrong
Like most men, I now only wear ties at funerals. So why do I have 60 of them?
What did kids learn in the pandemic? That adults know nothing 
Who’s the most underrated person in TV? The chap who changes my batteries
Would you pay £15,000 for a portrait of me? Me neither
I have one question for delivery drivers – do you need to use my toilet?
Growing up in the 80s meant living in fear of the bomb – now, thanks to Putin, so are today’s teens 
My daughter says it’s uncool to get Covid now. So, naturally, I got the dreaded second red line
When the same awful thing happens often enough, it ceases to be newsworthy – and that is a big problem
Does your job take a toll on your body? You’re in trouble unless you’re an athlete
Having a quiet drink, I eyed a group of lads nervously … and then I saw their manbags
As a Catholic, I take Easter seriously. But it also is a very big weekend for football
From daffodils to thick mist, springtime in the UK feels indecently tranquil
Grime, chips, tea and fresh air. There’s nowt fancy about ferries, and that’s why I love them
I have a urinal in my flat and it has changed my life – so why are people appalled?
Football needs more than a new regulator to save it from itself
I thought it was weird to have a favourite spoon. Then I realised I wasn’t alone ...
There are two things I find impossible - sitting still and focusing. So how did I fare at the theatre?
How do I know I’m getting old? My children worry about me – and I’m exhausted by half-time
I fill awkward silences by babbling – so what happened when I had to film myself on a walk?
The closer your football team gets to glory, the less likely you are to get a ticket. That can’t be right
I used to read novels for pleasure, then for exams – now I read them for their little jewels of wisdom
Here they come, the forlorn teens with backpacks. It’s Duke of Edinburgh season
I almost downloaded a pebble-identifying app – but some stones should be left unturned
I got a back-to-front West Brom tattoo - and I love it
‘She was my world. I loved her with my heart and soul’: my glimpse into a stranger’s grief
I’ve been loving the women’s football – but could mixed matches be the future?
I am a taxi service for my teens – and I love it
Why would anyone want their own pool? They’re certainly no good for swimming in
I was being yelled at by a group of lads driving past – then they got their comeuppance
I’m going through hell for the sake of art. Tolstoy or Henry James could learn a thing or two
Never visited Tividale Park in the Black Country? You’re missing a treat
We all tell kids going off to university they will have a brilliant time. But being a fresher can be dreadfully hard
When did everything become ‘awesome’ and ‘amazing’? I blame the Americans
After three weeks travelling in Europe, I’m calling it – British food is the best
So many people have written to the Queen since she died. How do they find the words?
I had such bad car sickness as a kid that the mere smell of Dad’s Volvo would set me off
I recently saw something in a petrol station toilet southbound on the M1 that I can never unsee
I spent an afternoon writing my own name. It was lovely until I started overthinking it
I’ve tried everything and finally found the perfect cure for insomnia
My fellow Midlanders have decided I am a traitor and should be dunked in Birmingham’s filthiest canal
I met a man from an ADHD charity and it was like meeting myself. Ideas, thoughts and half-thoughts tumbled out
Grandma had just died and I was far from home. Then I had a drink – and the pain vanished
Some things are fantastically obvious, but the politicians just nod along and very little changes
We can go to the moon – so why can’t we stop my glasses sliding down my nose?
I’d almost given up caring about West Brom, but then I saw a 70-year-old photo, and it all came flooding back
I don’t quite know how, but the supermarket is taking me for a mug. I’m cutting up my loyalty card
After a meeting that went on for hours, I was finally told what it was all about. I was being interviewed for a job at MI5
Yes, footballers give you glimpses of greatness. But for true magic you can’t beat the broadcasters
Do I really need to drink almost 4 litres of water a day? I haven’t got the bladder for it
I used to go to great lengths for a drink before a football match. But there is joy to be had without booze
I’ve just had an MRI scan. It should have been stressful – but I’ve never been so relaxed
Stuck in a post office queue, all I could think about was how much I hate self-checkouts
Bonkers football jargon puts people off the game. It needs an idiot filter, and I’m volunteering
Jude Bellingham went to my school! OK, it was 35 years after me, but I’m walking a little bit taller
So many unwanted Christmas gifts remain gathering dust – but binning them just fills me with guilt
I’m on nine pills a day now – and I’m not even what you might call ill
Thanks to you, my glasses no longer slip down my nose. If only it didn’t hurt too much to wear them
How have I changed in 2023? I have become an avid pothole activist
Not a lot of people know that: I can’t help dropping juicy facts into conversations
What’s it like to watch someone die? Ask a drone pilot
The data doesn’t lie … my new year’s resolution is holding strong
I’m not one for conspiracy theories – but why do pubs hide their low-alcohol options?
Who are these people who love to feel sand between their toes? I hate it
A touch-screen fridge? A seven-blade razor? Why is everything suddenly so complicated?
I’ve left my keys in the bin and my wallet in the fridge. But even I’ve never mislaid radioactive material
Age has caught up with me – and it feels appalling
My friend is driving a freezing-cold Porsche – and the schadenfreude is delicious
Decades on, I am still traumatised by my visit to the school toilets
Cheddar and stout?! Salted caramel?! This messing with hot cross buns has to stop
Flock me! The day I became a hero to some disdainful sheep
Loneliness is awful – so every day I try to start a conversation with a stranger
My kids often baffle me. But at least we agree on subtitles
Many men have a problematic relationship with food – and I’m one of them
I’ve found my dream job. And it’s all thanks to that nasty fall into the wild garlic
My biggest surprise of the week? I have a naked lookalike – and he is making a fortune on OnlyFans
£3,999 for a cargo bike?! How a new kind of class politics arrived on Britain’s streets
The secret of happiness? Embrace the boring, lay claim to the mundane and rejoice in repetition
How can I get my whites white? Should I be doing my laundry at 40C? 60C? 90C?
English students spend a fortune to go to university. Shouldn’t that buy them more teaching and less partying? 
Why are today’s TV dramas so devastatingly difficult to follow?
After being nicked three times for speeding, life in the slow lane is a revelation
Do you suffer from shop blindness? I’ve struggled to locate coconut milk for years
What did I learn from Thomas Hardy? Great characters don’t need a back story
In this era of AI photography, I no longer believe my eyes
What will we feel when a loved one dies? Sadness, of course – but perhaps deep fear, too
I am often the oldest person in the room now. Why don’t I feel wiser?
Keen to build more resilience? Remember there is no ‘I’ in team
The unspoken truth about gardening? It is a relentless, unwinnable war
I thought my umming and erring made for better radio. I was wrong
Choose a nice outfit and hold a sword steady: is that what it takes to succeed in politics now?
No, ADHD is not a con. If that’s the message you got from Panorama’s exposé, you weren’t paying attention
Has a friend passed out in your kitchen? Ask yourself ‘What would Braverman do?’
A few wise words have stopped me eating like a barnyard animal
Psst! Want to buy some top-grade asparagus? My dad has the secret
I’d love to laugh like a baby again. But the best I can hope for is a big sneeze
Drinking alcohol is bad for you – end of. Ignore the headlines that claim otherwise
Like potholes and sandals with socks, the British honours system needs to change
Slapped on to tables, thrown over hedges, bounced – why is everyone so horrible to dead cats?
Everything has turned grey – cars, clothes, kitchens, carpets. I can’t take it any more
I am cursed to wear compression socks. Spare a thought for me this summer
Is anyone convinced by Saudi sportswashing? Only the crooks who sell fake football strips
Picnic season is here - and I hate it
How do you get a chatty friend to shut up? I think I have found the answer
My adventures at sea have brought me many things. Mainly raw nipples and exhaustion
Orderly queues in pubs? They’re extremely civil - but need to end now
Want a glimpse of dystopia? Visit the self-service checkouts
Trevor Francis was a legendary footballer – and an extremely nice person 
The strange tale of The Crooked House tells a much bigger story
The secret to maintaining your youthful passion? I learned it this week
Have I told you about the time I split my trousers?
It’s only a coat hanger. But it brings back such fond memories
I love history programmes. But there’s one trend that makes my blood boil …
Therapy has one big flaw, as I’ve seen for myself. But I know how to fix it
Looking round a school library, I saw something I can’t get out of my mind
Every autumn I am shunned by my friends and neighbours. But I think I’ve finally broken the curse
If Russell Brand’s interview with Jimmy Savile happened today, we’d be thankful for the Twitterstorm
Have I found Britain’s very worst traffic lights for pedestrians?
What age should you start Swedish death cleaning? Forty-seven sounds about right
I went to my first political party conference this week – and have zero regrets
Remember when parents thought kids didn’t need seatbelts? Today’s mums and dads aren’t any smarter
Goodbye widescreen, hello tallscreen – soon we’ll watch everything from football to movies in portrait mode
Save our school trips! Even if they don’t teach you much, they leave such happy memories
How on earth are you supposed to review a parking space?
Why are young people all growing mullets? I’ve been inspired by a much better hairstyle
How did I spend Halloween? With an incredible group of nuns
The left lane on a motorway is for the virtuous and the good. That’s why I love it
I loved the Marina Abramović show – but the most shocking moment came in the giftshop
I am through with hugs and kisses. Handshakes are the only answer
What have I learned after three years of dog ownership? Beware of the vet bills 
Where will you spend Christmas? With your parents? Your in-laws? Your children? Why is it so complicated?
Vets, you deserve my apologies
How can you tell if someone’s really an atheist? Watch them at a penalty shootout
I loved my new glasses – until everyone told me what they thought of them
I know just what I want for Christmas – but I’m not sure it’s legal
It’s never OK to look at your phone in church – unless you’re checking the score
What’s the secret of packing light for a holiday? Ask my mum
It took me 30 years to learn to love lapsang souchong – but now it’s all gone horribly wrong
I was struggling with an underperforming poinsettia. Then I discovered how to make it shine
They’re horribly flashy and cost a fortune to run – I’d hate to own a superyacht
What I learned from a freezing night in A&E with my dad
What happened when a colleague made me a cup of tea? I almost died of shame
Do I really look like Ukraine’s top general? I have a much nicer forehead
I was injured, miserable and lost – then Steve Wright saved me 
I’d be embarrassed to have a football stadium named after me. A park, however …
A 20mph speed limit seemed unfeasible – until I learned to love pootling along
I’ve wasted 7,300 hours lazing in bed in the morning. Why can’t I just get up?
Naked, smelly and bleeding, all I wanted from the world was some hot water. But the shower had other ideas
I thought I knew what farmers’ lives were like. I was so wrong
I feel for Keir Starmer. I too have suffered the sting of fat-shaming
Pointless hats, trousers that are too short, trousers that show off your bum … I’ll never understand fashion
I’ve spent a lifetime dreading the loss of a parent. And now it’s finally happened
Dad spent two of the last days of his life alone and distressed in A&E – for no good reason. This insanity must stop
It is a privilege to be present when someone dies. If only I’d seen it that way, it would have helped me no end
What should you do if a cow attacks? I’ve finally found the answer
I slashed my unloved football – and 40 years later, I’m still living with the shame
My Serbian bean stew sets pulses racing. The recipe? Oh, if you insist …
I worry that hugging people could come across as creepy. So, from now on, all you’re getting is a handshake
Everyone laughed at Hitler in the 1920s. A century on, are we making the same mistake?
How do you describe the view to someone who can’t see? I couldn’t even do justice to a canal towpath 
When my tumble dryer broke, I didn’t have high hopes of the chatbot. But the human was even less useful
Standing in my boxers, blindfolded and full of shame, I remembered why I hate getting dressed up
I’ve failed at jugs, I’m worse at teapots – why can’t I ever pour anything properly?
I never thought of myself as shy. But there I was, all wibbly-wobbly in the legs as I waited to go on TV 
I’d hate to be learning English again. Apostrophes are a nightmare
As a Centrist Dad, I’ve finally found a political term to unite right and left
In the early hours of a motorway service station, I learned that the 24-hour city is over
I feel squeamish talking to Germans about the war. Is it a British thing?
I have always laughed at those who read the instructions. But the joke is on me
My dad has died but his watch ticks on. Why does that feel so heartless?
I may not understand jazz – but I know enough to know it’s wonderful
My superpower? Turning a lovely afternoon into a nerve-shredding orgy of panic
I am all for a bit of feeble-minded fun. But why won’t my dog grow up?
School can be brutal. Congratulations to anyone who has just made it through another year
Graduation is such a significant moment – and yet we never realise it at the time
I found a witch supply store opposite a Nisa Local. It’s the start of a magical journey
How do young people ever get any work done? They’re always so distracted
I’ve been thinking about life after death – and I want to come back as Keanu Reeves
I always expect a warm welcome in Ireland. But Galway blew me away
As a Waze dad, I like to think I make Britain’s roads run more smoothly. You can thank me later
Watching the Olympics is making me wonder: is sport good for us?
I have sciatica — now I never go anywhere without a small, hard, ball
You know what nobody has ever said? ‘I wish that event went on a bit longer!’
I didn’t know what to expect from the Youth Sports Games. But they blew me away
Britons are most considerate drivers in the world. There – I said it
After decades of trial and error, I think I’ve nailed the perfect handshake
She’s not just ‘Mum’. She’s my mum – and she does have a name
Would you row across the Atlantic with someone like me? I certainly wouldn’t
Adrian Chiles: what I have learned from five years of oversharing
I’ve spent my whole life searching for the perfect pillow. Will this torment never end?
I’m happy to be called love, bab or even pet. But I’d travel miles to be someone’s duck
Crisps, nuts, pastries, chocolate – put me at the wheel of a car and I will eat the lot
A Guinness shandy? The request that stunned my favourite pub into silence
By assuming I am incompetent at everything, I’m making it so much worse
Thanks to this unsung, magic compensation scheme, I now relish a delayed train
Do motorway billboards signal the first death throes of capitalism?
I had never really considered bad luck before. A brilliant memoir changed all that
Ancient gameshows, long-dead stars, Gregg Wallace … I’m fascinated by Mum’s taste in TV
A good book, peace and quiet and somewhere to sit: who could ask for more?
Inside I am smiling. So why do I always look so miserable?
We’ve lost 20,000 pubs in the last 40 years. That sends a chill down my spine
Do you want to hear about my dreams? No, I didn’t think so
Years of curiosity caught up with me – and I called that mysterious motorway helpline
Dear Santa, please bring back the plastic lids on yoghurt pots
Many wise people have told me how to live a better life. Obviously I didn’t pay attention
I can’t forget the confused old man on the bus the other day
For the first time in 35 years, I’m having to use a pen and paper. Help! 
This year, I want to say thank you more. Here’s why you should try it too
I have lost all faith in zips
Why do so many people dream of being dog groomers? Haven’t they seen the toll it can take?
Why am I so sad about seeing a robot get beaten up?
I have nothing but respect for waiters – except when they interrupt me
At 57, I went to the British Museum for the first time – and it left me rather cold
Why did Keir Starmer have his voice ‘fixed’? He sounded much better before
My dad died a year ago – and a photo of him on Google Street View brought me up short
My big ambition? To have a pint in each of Ireland’s 32 counties
What I have learned in my filthy, bloody, sisyphean quest to tame my garden
Remote controls, tumble dryers, documentaries … do we have to make everything so complicated?
The days crawl, the years race by: time is doing my head in
I twanged my achilles playing pickleball. Here’s what it taught me about tendons – and human nature
Daybreak is a magical time in a big city, no matter how tired you are
The world is getting noisier, and it’s making us ill. I’ve certainly played my part
Scatter cushions and bedspreads – can someone explain to me what they’re for?
I found the world’s worst bread recipe – and I love it
I trust Which? to help me choose a washing machine. But I have my own views on kitchen roll and toilet paper
What do young people really think about us oldies? I asked a few
Yes, I have just done a naked forward roll. But there was a good reason
Where have all the headphones gone on public transport? The noise is eating into my soul
Go off grid? Where would I get my meds, compression socks and corn removers?
I thought seasonal affective disorder was a myth. Then I saw the joy that spring can bring
In a world full of wedgies, are you a wedger like Trump, or a wedgee like me?
I loathe pigeons. You wouldn’t believe what they do to my downpipe
I’ll never play golf like Rory McIlroy. But maybe he can teach me how to live with my mistakes
How are you supposed to handle cold callers nowadays? You can’t even slam the phone down
Does Britain need 24-hour slot machines? There must be better things to do at 3am
I went to the pub with an old friend – and headed home at 9.30pm. Is anyone still there for last orders?
It can be hard to end a phone call. But ‘Okaybye’ is not the way to do it
Gary Lineker was once my rival. I feel no shame in saying I was beaten by the best
My signed tie is up for auction. I don’t think even my mum would buy it
On my motorbike, I did a road journey in England avoiding motorways – and discovered a whole new country
I’ve learned a new word – and now I’m seeing the people it describes everywhere
I knew everyone would hate my mustard shorts. That didn’t stop me buying them
The latest Andrex advert is a life-changing masterpiece
Who could deny a hot, tired delivery driver the fruit from their cherry tree? 
Few men can really rock a moustache. Timothée Chalamet is not one of them
I’d lost my childhood love of reading – but rediscovered it when I set aside my iPhone
Why is so much of life spent clearing up?
Adrian Chiles’s first time at Glastonbury: ‘The peace-and-love control knobs get turned up to 11’
I’ve started strutting like Liam Gallagher – and the power is great indeed
Is there anything more British than an underwhelming boast on a sign? 
Kids, don’t look to me for career inspiration. Look to your electrician instead
I’ve found the cure for a sleepless night in a heatwave – but it can have its drawbacks …
For a Brummie like me, Ozzy Osbourne’s voice mattered
Why I absolutely love a visit to the dump
Why do I hate umbrellas? How long have you got?
No one wants to hear about your dreams – unless you follow my golden rule
I’d never wear budgie smugglers – but I did once help smuggle a budgie 
I saw a poor, lonely man wandering the A4 – then realised the sheer joy of where he was heading
Hold music is eating my soul. Can anyone save me from the doom loop?
What should you do if, like me, you are irredeemably naff? Embrace it
I boiled my wooden spoons – and what emerged from them will haunt me for ever
What’s the best way to apologise? I’m sorry, but I disagree with the newest suggestion...
I’ve seen horrible things at football matches – but what landed on the pitch last week was the worst
Why does it take so long to repair a broken lift?
What can Americans learn from the UK? How to cope with national sporting despair
Heard of aztec broccoli? Let me tell you about my favourite new superfood ...
I had a cameo in the Inside No 9 stage show. It was a living nightmare
I met Priscilla Presley this week – and couldn’t believe she was in the same building as me
I went to Marina Abramović’s erotic, explicit new art show – and there was an awful lot to take in
A genuine treat for £1.60? Try the shortest railway line in Britain
The most joyous four hours I’ve ever spent on a train? My trip from Swansea on Tuesday
I know I should stop writing about zips. But I’ve just suffered another outrage
I found something strange on my back – and eventually I just couldn’t ignore it
To the cashier who left me absolutely speechless – I salute you
I decided to put my change into a cash-converting machine. Big mistake
I am the king of the common cold – and I can tell you how to avoid one 
I’ve always wanted the perfect reason to declutter. Now I’ve found it
 Teenage dreams are never practical. But where would we be without the people who chased theirs?
London has plenty of posh breakfast options – but give me a greasy spoon any day
Letters. Text messages. Passwords and more passwords. Why can’t the NHS just give me someone to talk to?
Everything about Paul Mescal is irresistible – with one exception
Thanks for asking after my health, but actually I’m doing just fine
I’ve been thinking a lot about dog poo
After all these years, I still hate wearing specs
I had an eye-opening experience in the queue for a pub toilet
I went back to school for a day – and discovered some very unsettling facts about learning
I visited Runcorn for the first time this week – and was blown away by its magic
Is the wayward apostrophe in WALE’S LARGEST VAPE SHOP a sign of the times?
Things reek, stink and pong – but why are there no verbs for describing a delightful odour?
I’m not fooled by the sun popping out – it’s the season of miserable greys
Surely potholes were never this bad before?
At the age of 58, I’ve bought my first drill. Can it make me a new man?
My breakdown cover was extortionate – and that taught me an important lesson
I wanted an oven with a knob. Instead I got a world of pain
The AI assistant was offering me any help I needed. All I wanted was a living, breathing human
I’ll never forget the day I tasted roast chicken crisps – it changed my life for ever
I didn’t know how much I needed work until I lost it. But now I’ve learned to love Mondays again
I thought my pigeon curse was lifting. Then it took a darker turn
I thought my cuckoo clock was amazing, but it’s got nothing on my statue of Bert the cheery chef
I need to declutter my life. But I can’t even give my stuff away
Rose’s Lime Marmalade? Gone. Dark chocolate Bounty? No more. But what about their heartbroken fans?
I tried to do a press-up – and had an existential crisis
Banter is the last thing I want from a coffee machine. Yet here we are
I can’t stop pilfering from other people’s plates – but don’t even think about grabbing my chips
The best filing system? The one where every piece of paper goes in the bin
Nostalgia and regret are pointless. So why can’t I shake them?
When I want to feel loved, I just go to a hardware store
Misery loves company: so allow me to tell you about the agony of my corn
Struggling with the nine times table? I have a failsafe method
Hardly anyone watches baseball in the UK. So why do we keep speaking its language?
Pump-action soap dispensers are a disgrace – and I won’t put up with them any longer
Big money is killing the World Cup spirit. Fans deserve a sporting chance at tickets
